hello YouTube nice movie here with a
basic merch guide the basics we all know
to buy low and sell high or to even have
a shot I mean those are the basics but
there are better ways i'm going to show
you we will be going over three basic
steps item list buying and selling so
let's go to channel one
all right step one item list a item list
is what i'm typing up right now it's the
certain items that you want immerse and
that you want to buy an item list is
pretty much what you're gonna be merging
the whole time that you here like GF a
depth star you know and scroll since
scrolls are a big common thing alright
step to buying items whenever you buy an
item try to set a key range that you
want to buy like GA phase i buy 46.8
27.3 mill so that's an average price
because i sell for 8.5 mill and then
whenever you're trying to you know buy
something don't put a price next to it
or else you'll get less trade offers
here's a guy check it gloves for attack
i'll go with seven mil all right
point three which is my max I pay which
is actually really good
you
all right and there it is gloves for
attack right there 57.2 7.3 mill and now
i can sell for even now time for the
selling part since we got some g FAS we
can sell them for email each we bought
one for 7.3 and i bought the other one
for seven mil pretty decent profit for
slow merging for basic merging I mean oh
look at this okay all right too if you
have a shop always take a customer to a
FM spot because a shop has half the fee
so you get more money so you canceled
let's go up to
you
here let's open a shop oh wow we can't
have any other part 2 4 8 mil each see
that the bond right there it says forty
percent and the original trade is 0
point eighty percent and then here we
have it and that's the selling part
always but cell above what you bought
but don't try to sell for high cuz if
you suffer high you get less money how
could say takes longer to sell when you
could just sell for mid high and get
faster prop in you can just buy more
gface or whatever item that you're
merging and then that's all put the
basic merchant guide rate subscribe and
this is Bela Khan with the guild Google
and this is nice booty